what's up guys flats lie here and today
i'm bringing you guys an update video i
realized i haven't done a video in quite
a long time so I figured I'd just make
an update one because I've been busy
recently i recently traveled to europe
and i wasn't able to post anything
recently so I just thought I'd give you
guys an update as to what's going on
with everything I've been doing here so
we have the Tamiya TT 01 e right here I
managed to get all the electronics in
there we turn it around here so i had to
dremel out the bottom half of the tub
chassis to get the kind of heat sink in
here and it's been working pretty well I
velcroed the on/off switch to the top
here I put in the new servo I don't even
remember what part number that is i have
it hooked up to my futaba 4pk remote I
still have the Tamiya teu 105 BK and so
that's pretty much it I ended up locking
the diff I can show you guys here I
ended up locking the rear diff but not
the one in the front so the one in the
front still works like normal but I
locked this one as you can see the tires
are getting worn out because I was
drifting it on the street outside so
they are starting to get worn out but I
will order some new ones because they're
only four dollars on ebay so that's it
for this that's all I've done I fixed my
nano QX put it here I fixed the Nano QX
the what happened was one of these
motors one of the yellow one stopped
working so i had to wait like three
weeks to get one in
and it took a long time but I finally
got it in now I can start flying it
again I just need to replace this tip
because one of the corners are kind of
chipped so just need to replace that and
that'll be fixed there's the remote
still have the tqi right here with the
trenchers in the back tqi futaba 4pk and
i have here the finished body for the TT
01 e that's the finished body I just
made the spoiler and mirrors kind of
black with some white kind of made it
look like it was going really fast with
the blotches and here it is in the back
I got a nice little license plate there
so that's that there's the back the
other side is the same I wanted to keep
it symmetrical and then I put the big RC
sparks sticker on the top and I actually
tinted these windows myself I use this
to me a paint so that they would be a
little bit see-through in the light but
not too see-through yeah so that's the
body for the Tamiya then we have here
the Rustler bows wrestler it's in really
rough condition there's no sirvo in here
the esc is once again broken I think
there's some other problems with it too
like the front you can see that that's
not that's not supposed to look like
that and so that's that I have here the
two servo boxes the same thunder power
chargers and let's see I need a new
tripod this is a rental from my school
because my old ones broken so let's go
down to the basement and see what we
have there alright so here is the / 4 x
or that I have and what I ended up doing
is since my trenchers were broken the
hex in the rim actually stripped I put
the Badlands in the back and then the
stock in the front and here in the
basement we had a drift track going on
so what we actually did was tape up the
tires and drift these until we got the
tamiya ones so it was a lot of fun to
just drift them and play around and
stuff but now we want to look into
fixing this up and getting it working
again because I haven't driven it in
quite a long time so I'm going to have
to make a parts two parts list to see
what I can fix and yeah so that's just
normal / I actually ended up and I don't
know how I did this but I managed to
somehow crack the chassis right here and
I don't know how I know I hit this pole
a few times before i decided to wrap it
up in like some foam but i have no idea
how i managed to crack this chassis like
all the way up to here it's like a crack
right down there but anyways same deal
no sirvo no receiver just the esc and
motor and yeah that's been sitting like
this for a few months now but I haven't
done many videos recently but I'm
starting to get back into it I was kind
of kind of deciding now between
upgrading the TTL 12 neither brushless
brushless conversion or getting into
flying and buying like a park flyer like
a normal kind of airplane to learn on I
think that would be fun too but I don't
know I have to make up my mind and yeah
i'll let you guys know thank you guys
for watching this video and i hope you
guys have an awesome day